Thank you.

Good morning and welcome to the Steve

Jobs theater. We've always believed that

by giving people wonderful tools you

enabled them to do wonderful things. At

Apple we put the customer at the center

of everything that we do with products

and technologies that are designed in

the service of humanity innovations that

enrich people's lives to help them learn,

create, work, play, share, and stay healthy.

through the deep integration of hardware,

software and services, these products

empower people to do incredible things.

Today we have a huge morning plan

for you with some truly big

announcements. 

So I'm going to dispense up our usual

updates and get right into it.

Beginning with the App Store, we're

adding a whole new way to enjoy games on

the App Store. With Apple Arcade we've

joined forces with the world's most

innovative game developers to push the

boundaries of what's possible. To tell

you all about Apple Arcade, I'd like to

invite Anne to the stage. 

We are thrilled to launch Apple Arcade on the

App Store, the world's first game

subscription service for mobile, desktop,

and TV. Apple arcade is the only place

you can get unlimited access to over 100

groundbreaking exclusive new games made

for iPhone iPad Mac and Apple TV. you

can't find these games on any other

mobile platform or subscription service.

no games service has ever launched as

many games at once.

and we can't wait for you to play all of

them instead of paying upfront for each

game. your subscription lets you download

and play any Apple arcade game right

from the app store. it all starts with

the App Store's brand new arcadeapp where

you can discover the latest apple arcade

games with new games at it. every month

get personalized recommendations watch

game trailers and get expert editorial

content like game guides and sneak peeks.

this collection of awesome games cover

so many genres and play styles. so

everyone in the family can count on

finding games they love on Apple arcade.

we are really excited to show you a few

today. first up our partners at Konami

who have delighted players for decades.

their next game is sure to be a hit for

the whole family.

please welcome Konami brand manager

benjamin Kinney to tell you more.

thanks Anne.

everybody loves Frogger.

that's why together with cue games

Konami could not be more excited to

bring our title to Apple arcade Frogger

into a town. in this level we find

ourselves in bathroom and Frogger has to

rescue somebody's froglet friends by

classic Frogger. there are many obstacles

in the way over. now you can find

power-ups like this bomb and you can use

to clear the path ahead of you.

you'll also notice we're collecting

jelly beans. there's a fun and important

part of gameplay but I'll tell you more

about that here in a little while. so the

physics are incredible. see how the

blocks bob up and down in real time when

you jump on them. and look we rescued

another problem you will have dozens of

different outfits that you can put your

Frogger in. today we have picked this

adorable bathing suit. isn't he cute. is

that said Italian baby wearing

sunglasses. he is making a mess. let's try

to go around camp.

now you remember those jelly beans from

earlier. well when you collect a hundred

you unlock super Frogger.

alright alright enough of that. we got

the last froglet to rescue and we did it

great job.

Frogger and Toytown will be available at

launch. and we cannot wait for you to

play with your friends and family

exclusively on Apple arcade. thank you.

thanks Benjamin. Frogger looks adorable.

next up is legendary game studio capcom.

their new game brings console quality

graphics and gameplay to a whole new

audience. to tell you more

please welcome Capcom producer Peter

Fabiano. thanks man.

with shinsekai into the depths we set

out to create a beautiful yet

treacherous underwater world. the world

above is covered in ice.

you have no choice but to search the

ocean below. this is humanity's last

survivor. you'll notice gauges at the top

that indicate air health and depth.

you'll need to be thoughtful and careful

as you traverse the new world. you can

use thrusters to navigate or get to

safety while searching for resources. our

explorer encounters a terrifying feature

which is why it's ever important that

you maintain your oxygen levels. lucky

for us our little drone is here to help

us out. we crafted every detail of the

world to make it feel authentic and

immersive. in fact we reported music and

sound effects underwater. let's give it a

listen.

Shinseki's controls are simple yet

mastering. shooting while thrusting will

challenge even the most seasoned gamer.

the underwater physics and the creatures

unpredictable attacks make battle both

challenging and a blast. you'll have to

find out what happens next.

by playing shin sekai into the depths

we're bringing our brand of game design

to a new wider global audience both at

home and on mobile available only on

apple arcade. thank you. Wow thanks Peter.

that was beautiful. our last demo is from

Annapurna interactive known for

innovative games that break the mold.

their next game is truly one of a kind.

to tell you more please welcome

annapurna interactive producer kelsey

hansen. we are teaming up with simogo to

bring their creative ambitious new game

to apple arcade. sayonara Wildhearts is a

fast-paced neon pop music dreamscape. we

like to think of it as a playable music

video. let's jump in. you play as our

heartbroken heroine. as she races to win

back their hearts in this level our

heroine is chasing after the stereo.

lovers filled seamlessly transition back

and forth between rhythm babes tapping

and high speed. Racing's you as the

player will never actually be moving the

camera. but playing as the perspectives

automatically change makes this game

challenging and so much fun. the battle

and storytelling are interwoven with the

music making sure you never miss a beat.

to add to the excitement collecting

hearts will increase your rank. the more

hearts you collects the higher your

score will be. sensing defeat the twins

up the ante and transform their swords

into a giant. jet in an attempt to escape

but our heroine has other ideas.

with one flash of her sword our heroine

defeats the stereo lovers. she reclaims a

piece of her heart and steals a piece of

ours.

we hope you enjoy sayonara wild hearts

on Apple arcade. thank you. thank you.

what an awesome soundtrack. these three

talented partners joined so many more

amazing developers bringing new games to

Apple arcade. this year Apple arcade is

available starting on September 19th.

that's in over 150 countries around the

world. we'll be introducing over 100 new

games to our launch catalog in the weeks

ahead. so how much does unlimited access

to all these amazing games cost just

$4.99 a month for the whole.

and we're launching with a one-month

free trial. we hope you have a blast

playing all the incredible games on

Apple arcade. thanks and back to you Tim.

thank you. and apple arcade is a gaming

service unlike any other out there. we

can't wait to start playing when it

launches later this month. next up let's

talk about Apple TV plus. our mission for

Apple TV plus is to bring you the best

original stories from the most creative

minds in television and film. stories

that help you find inspiration that are

grounded in emotion truly stories to

believe in stories with purpose. this

summer we released three trailers for a

few of our premiere originals like for

all mankind an innovative reimagine

ation of the space race. in Dickenson

starring Hailee Steinfeld a

coming-of-age story about Emily

Dickinson told in a completely modern

way. and the morning show with this

blockbuster cast during Reese

Witherspoon Steve Carell and Jennifer

Aniston in her first TV series since

friends. the reaction to these trailers

has been incredible. they've been viewed

over a hundred million times.

in fact the trailer for the morning show

is one of the most watched trailers for

any new television show ever. this is

incredible. and the new issue of

Entertainment Weekly calls the morning

show fall's most anticipated series. this

morning I want to share with you one of

the most imaginative thrilling and

thought-provoking dramas ever. see stars

Jason Momoa and it takes place hundreds

of years into the future in a world

without sight. we worked with blind and

low-vision cast crew and consultants who

provided the detail and the authenticity

for how this world should be defined.

today I am so excited to share with you

the worldwide premiere trailer for C.

centuries from now almost all humans

have lost the ability to see. some say

sight was taken from them by God

to heal the earth. for the few who remain

vision is only a myth. but after so many

years the power of sight has returned.

what is it.

sometimes different the children they

have the ability to see. my children

they have the power that we would call

magical or evil. must protect them.

for centuries we feared this day would

come.

the evil of light ones almost destroyed

the world.

and now it has returned.

find the children who can't sleep and

drink some tea. if we give the babies

they might leave us alone. go I start

with the social market.

they will print knowledge that will

begin in the world.

your family we are one we fight his

point.

the moment has come.

it's astonishing how the smallest moment

can change an entire world.

I hope that you think. thank you. I hope

that you can get a sense of why I love

that show. and I think that you will too.

now these are just a few of the

exclusive originals from the exciting

Apple TV Plus lineup. with Apple TV plus

you'll get access to these and so many

more the best movies comedies dramas and

kids shows. now I know that some of you

have been wondering when will Apple TV

Plus be available and how much will it

cost. well today we're excited to tell

you that the first shows will be

available on November 1st and will be.

thank you. and we'll be adding more Apple

originals. every month a new Apple TV

plus will be available in over a hundred

countries. at launch and it is just $4.99

per month.

all of these incredible shows for the

price of a single movie rental. this is

crazy.

we are so excited about Apple TV plus

that we wanted to do something really

special. and so starting today when you

buy an iPhone an iPad a Mac or an Apple

TV you get one year of Apple TV plus

included.

so we can't wait for you to start

watching Apple TV Plus on November 1st

in the Apple TV app across all of your

screens. that's Apple TV Plus. now let's

turn our attention to Ipad. we created

iPad. we set out to design something

truly unique a product that you could

take with you everywhere. and that it's

so fun and so easy to use. and now with

hundreds of hundreds of millions of

iPads out in the world iPad is

transforming the way we create learn

work and play. this has been a huge year

for iPad. we've revamped our entire

lineup starting with the new iPad Mini

all the way up to the powerful iPad pros.

and we push what people could do with

iPad further than ever before with the

introduction of iPad OS. iPad OS is an

advanced operating system with a new

name to recognize the distinctive

experience of iPad.

of course iPad OS builds on the same

same foundation as iOS but adds powerful

new capabilities and intuitive features

that are specific to the large display

and versatility of the iPad. iPad unique

integration of hardware software with

over 1 million apps that are

specifically designed to take advantage

of the large canvas provide an

experience that you won't find on any

other device out there. we have never

been more excited about the future of

iPad. and to tell you about the newest

iPad I'd like to invite jaws to the

stage. jaws.

thank you. thank you.

we're incredibly excited about iPad OS

and our entire iPad lineup. but today I

want to talk to you about our most

popular iPad. the 9.7 inch delivers so

much versatility at such an affordable

price.

and it brings more new users to our iPad

than any other model. in fact for nearly

60% of these users this is their very

first iPad. and we're about to make this

iPad a whole lot better because we're

replacing the 6th generation iPad with

this the new seventh generation iPad.

this is a big upgrade with some great

new features and it's designed to make

the most out of iPad OS. of course iPad

is a magical piece of glass. you can

become almost anything we want it to be.

so the display is so important to the

iPad experience and we're making the

display even bigger. this iPad has a new

larger 10.2 inch Retina display.

it has nearly three and a half million

pixels. when you compare it to this the

top-selling PC laptop in the US for

the first half this year I know. I know

this display has more than three times

the number of pixels plus greater

brightness and a much wider viewing

angle so your content always looks

amazing. under the hood of this iPad is

the a10 fusion chip so that means that

this iPad is up to two times faster than

that top-selling PC. and for the very

first time our new most popular iPad

features the smart connector so you can

effortlessly connect the optional

full-size smart keyboard which delivers

a great typing experience in a thin and

light design that also folds into a

protective cover. and we're especially

excited that this iPad was engineered to

take full advantage of iPad OS. iPad OS

is packed with an enormous breadth of

new features designed for iPads unique

capabilities including the redesign

homescreen powerful new ways to work

with multiple apps deeper integration

with Apple pencil desktop class browsing

with Safari and so much more.

iPad OS truly expands what you can do

with this iPad. so let's take it for a

quick spin. first let's talk about

multitasking. with iPad OS it's never

been easier to get to your favorite apps.

you can quickly switch between multiple

apps and slide over. or fan them out to

pick the one you want.

or you can swipe along the bottom to get

between multiple spaces. you can even use

the same app like notes across multiple

spaces and paired with different apps.

it's perfect for working on multiple

projects. Safari brings desktop-class

browsing to iPad. so now you can create a

website and Squarespace or edit your

documents in Google Docs right in Safari.

and with a simple simple pinch on the

soft keyboard a new floating keyboard

appears gives you more room for your

content. and a great

one-handed typing experience is awesome.

iPad OS enables new workflows on iPad. so

now you can even connect your SD card or

your thumb drive to quickly browse your

photos and videos right in the files app.

and you have a whole new video editing

experience. with powerful new tools in

the new enhanced Photos app you can add

filters and effects. you could even crop

and rotate your video. and there's some

great new ways to use Apple pencil.

simply swipe up from the bottom corner

to capture a screenshot or choose the

new full page option to create a PDF of

a full web page or your document. and

from there you can mark it up there

notes and share it all without ever

putting the pencil down. and there's so

much more to iPad including our awesome

new services. I mean gaming on the iPad

was already awesome but now it's even

better because of Apple arcade. you can't

get anything like this on any other

device or just lean back and enjoy all

that amazing Apple TV plus content. and

as Tim just told you you seem to like it

you even get one year of Apple TV plus

included for free. we think the

combination of iPad OS our new service

offerings this new iPad hardware is

simply incredible. so this is the new 7th

generation iPad 10.2 inch Retina display

support for Apple pencil and full-sized

smart keyboard. and as you would expect

great cameras sensors and ultra-fast

wireless all packed into a thin and

light design that's durable and weighs

about a pound. and for the very first

time our enclosure is made from 100%

recycled.

we're really proud that we can continue

to expand our environmental achievements

for this our most popular iPad. we're

also proud that with all these

enhancements this new iPad will start at

just $329.

and when you think about all the things

this iPad can do we can't think of

another device that delivers this much

value. and for our education customers

it's even more affordable at 299. and you

can well there you go you can order it

today and it will start shipping at the

end of the month. it really has been a

big year for iPad. this new iPad joins

the new ipad mini ipad air and iPad pros

all taken further than ever before with

iPad OS. so that's the news for iPad. now

back to Tim.

fakes jaws this new iPad will enable so

many more people to experience the power

and versatility of iPad. now next up

let's talk about Apple watch. Apple watch

puts groundbreaking health fitness and

communications capabilities onto the

risk of millions and millions of people.

today Apple watch is everywhere. and it's

making a difference in so many ways. all

over the world we hear firsthand

everyday about the truly personal and

profound impacts that the Apple watch is

having on people's lives. so we made a

video for you this morning to share just

some of these stories with you.


thank you.

okay.

thank you. thank you. it is it's truly

inspiring to see the difference that the

Apple watch is making. they the hearing

these stories really make my heart sing

and these are just a few of the amazing

stories that I get every day. now in

addition to helping individuals Apple

watch is having an impact on another

important area that affects all of us.

and that is health research. we're

excited about how Apple watch can make a

tremendous difference in this area. and

to tell you more about it I'd like to

invite sümbül to the stage.

Sumbul. what makes the amazing stories

you just saw even possible are the

incredible capabilities built into Apple

watch. each one requiring extensive

development and research. this deep focus

on science is the foundation of many of

our product features especially the ones

focused on health. for example the

irregular heart rhythm notification was

developed from the using the data from

the largest study ever focused on atrial

fibrillation. over 400,000 people

participated in the Apple heart study

and this showed for the first time that

a SmartWatch could help in the early

detection of afib. it transformed how we

look at cardiovascular science. we were

so encouraged that today we are

announcing three new health research

studies. starting with the Apple hearing

study since apple watch is on you all

the time and can now measure sound

levels in your environment. this study

will analyze how your daily sound

exposure impacts your long-term hearing

health. for this study we're working with

the experts at the University of

Michigan and the World Health

Organization.

for our second study we're using the new

cycle tracking feature that we

introduced in June. the Apple women's

health study focuses on an area that

hasn't received much attention in many

years.

it'll look at how menstrual cycles can

inform the screening for important

conditions like infertility and

osteoporosis. for this novel study we're

partnering with the Harvard School of

Public Health and the NIH. finally the

apple heart and movement study will look

at how metrics from apple watch can

serve as early warning signs and help

create innovative interventions to

improve overall health. for this study

we're so excited to be partnering with

the American Heart Association and the

cardiovascular experts at the Brigham

and Women's Hospital. if you would like

to participate in this research and make

a contribution to potential medical

discoveries you can enroll using the new

apple research app where you can enroll

perform tasks and view your data. of

course you decide what data you want to

share and with whom Apple cannot access

any information that directly identifies

you. the new apple research app will be

available in the US later this year. now

back to Tim. thank you. some more we're

really excited about the impact the

research app can have. it gives all of

us an amazing opportunity to participate

in health research that could lead to

innovations to improve our health and

the health of future generations. so I

hope that you check it out since the

beginning. innovation has been the core

of the Apple watch. innovations that

really matter to people from the life

changing to the potentially life savings

many of these technologies were barely

imaginable just a few years ago. Apple

watch has become the most advanced and

most loved SmartWatch in the world. and

to tell you all about what's next with

the Apple watch

I'd like to invite up Stan.

thanks Tim. we want to make apple watch

even better for all the things you do in

place as you go. and so today I'm so

excited to share with you the next

generation of Apple watch.

introducing Apple watch Series 5

featuring an innovative new display that

is always on the new always-on Retina

Display Never Sleeps. so the watch face

is always visible. with previous models

of Apple watch when you lowered your

wrist the display would go completely

dark but now with series 5 you always be

able to see your time and complications.

hey risks razor a tap brings everything

back to full brightness. now the new

always-on display is just loaded with

advanced technologies so I want to tell

you about it. it all starts with the

industry's only low temperature

poly-silicon and oxide display or LTP.

LTP allows the display to refresh

dynamically from as high as 60 Hertz to

as low as one Hertz which is extremely

power efficient. there's also a new low

power display driver an ultra efficient

power management integrated circuit and

a new ambient light sensor which all

work seamlessly together. by combining

this incredible hardware with innovative

software we're able to deliver this

always-on display while still

maintaining the same all-day 18 hour

battery life.

now all of the watch faces have been

carefully tuned for the new display. so

you'll always be able to see your time

in your complications.

we've also optimized the screens for all

of the workouts in the workout apps. so

you'll be able to see your workout

metrics without raising your wrist. this

always on display is perfect for those

times when you can't raise your wrist or

tap the display or when you're in a

social or work setting where you kind of

want to just sneak a quick glance at the

top right or when you're the middle of a

crazy hard workout where a wrist raise

just isn't possible. the new always on

display is gonna be useful for so many

different situations throughout the day.

we can't wait for you to try it. next

let's talk about another new feature in

series 5 a built-in compass.

now with the updated Maps app you'll be

able to see which way you're facing. just

like on your iPhone you can add the

compass to your watch face. so you can

see your direction at a glance and

there's even a new compass app which

allows you to see not only your heading

but also your latitude longitude current

elevation and incline. now our developers

can take advantage of the compass as

well so the direction is always clear

when you're hiking with wiki elope

paddleboarding with goes up or searching

out the constellations with night sky.

next let's talk about safety features.

Apple watch has some important safety

features built right in like fall

detection emergency SOS medical ID. now

emergency SOS could be life-saving.

should you ever need it and so we wanted

to make it even more capable. now with

series 5 every cellular model has

international emergency calling. so you

can call emergency services in over a

hundred and fifty countries around the

world.

just by pressing and holding down the

side button even without your iPhone

we think this will give you great peace

of mind if you ever travel internationally. next

another important benefit of Apple watch

is being able to express your personal

style. and Series five has the widest

assortment of case finishes ever.

aluminum models come in silver gold and

Space Gray. and now the cases are made

from a hundred percent recycled aluminum.

stainless-steel models come in gold

space black and polished and were

introducing new models for the first

time in titanium. this natural brushed

titanium maintained his color through a

special surface treatment than Apple

custom engineered. and there's also a

second model in titanium. in this brush

space black with a diamond light coating

Series five will be available in ceramic

as well in this brilliant white color

really beautiful. there are new Apple

watch Nike models featuring new Nike

sport band's new reflective sport loops

and cool new Nike watch faces. and there

are new Hermes models in these beautiful

color block bands with a classic or mass

print. aren't they cool. this year we're

also introducing Hermes models in black

featuring space black stainless steel

cases featuring handcraft noir leather

bands.

these are just stunning. of course every

Apple watch is designed and manufactured

in the most environmentally friendly way

possible. we're so excited about Apple

watch Series 5 with its always-on

display compass international emergency

calling and all the other great features

like its swim proof. you can take an ECG

fall detection Apple pay all the new

features of watch the what six. it truly

is the most capable Apple watch ever.

series five GPS models will start at

just three ninety-nine and $4.99 for

cellular models. you'll be able to order

series five starting today right after

the keynote and they'll be available in

our stores starting September 20th. we're

also keeping the very popular series

three in the line. series three is a

great watch. it has GPS heart rate sensor

it's swim proof the new features of

watch OS six and now starting at a

low price of just $1.99.

and that's Apple watch. thank you. back to

you Tim. Thank You Stan.

I'm really excited about this new Apple

watch lineup. and with all of the new

amazing features Apple watch is going to

enable you to do even more than before.

we created a fun video to demonstrate

just this. I'd love to play it for you.

I love that video. I love that video. it

really helps you understand so many of

the amazing things that the watch can do.

next up let's talk about iPhone. iPhone

in the incredible capabilities that it

puts into people's hands has changed the

way we live our lives in ways that we

never could have imagined. it's become so

essential for hundreds and hundreds of

millions of people all over the world.

it's changed industries and led to the

creation of entirely new ones. and it's

made a profound impact on all of our

daily lives.

customers love Iphone and we keep

striving to make it better and better.

last year we launched three incredible

iPhones. the iPhone 10R became the most

popular iPhone and the most popular

smartphone in the world. we also launched

the iPhone 10s and the iPhone 10s max

the most advanced iPhones we have ever

created. these three iPhones together

have a combined 99% customer

satisfaction. this is the highest in the

industry really unbelievable. customers love 

Iphone because we focus on technologies

that matter most in their lives. today I

am thrilled to share with you the newest

iPhone.

this is iPhone 11 the next generation of

iPhone. and it is jam-packed with great

new capabilities in an incredible new

design. to tell you all about iPhone 11

I'd like to invite Cayenne to the stage.

Thank You Tim. the innovations on iPhone

11 are truly remarkable and that starts

with a design. iPhone 11 has a beautiful

anodized aluminum and glass design. and

that glass it's a toughest ever in a

smartphone on the front and back. in the

glass it surrounds the camera has a

sculpted 3d geometry and it was

precision milled down from a single

piece of glass to achieve this elegant

look. iPhone 11 comes in six new colors

with an all-new purple white yellow

green black and product red. it has a 6.1

inch liquid Retina display with true

tone white color tapped awake and haptic

touch in even more places with Iowa's 13

like contextual menus. now videos are

wonderful to watch on this display. and

now we have spatial audio which provides

an immersive theater like experience by

creating a sound field around you using

an apple design virtualizer. and we

support Dolby Atmos for an incredible

sound experience.

now let's talk about camera. iPhone is

the world's most popular camera. and it

gets even better with iPhone 11. we have

an amazing dual camera system with an

all-new wide camera with a new sensor

with a hundred percent focused pixels

for faster autofocus three times faster

and low-light. and we have a new ultra

wide camera with a hundred and twenty

degree field of view. this will let you

capture way more in your photos and

videos because now you can take a wide

camera shot like this but switch to the

ultra wide to reveal them.

so now see the beautiful framing my

mother nature but the details still are

there in the sky the rocks in the sand.

this is doing an optical zoom out 2X.

so you can capture way more without

moving. so now when you're taking a wide

camera shot you'll see our new immersive

camera interface that lets you see

outside the frame hinting at a bigger

shot. then you can simply tap to switch

to the ultra wide revealing more of your

scene. this is great for these epic

landscape shots where you can see edge

to edge all this detail. and it's also

great for tight spaces where you can't

physically back up but the ultra wide

lets you do that. revealing more of your

story you can use an angle like this to

take a heroic and dynamic shot because

the ultra wide can elongate your subject.

it keep all these details sharp from her

red dress all the way to her face. now

these are some examples of great ultra

wide photos. we've also updated our image

pipeline which processes over a trillion

operations per photo. and it's got our

image signal processor and it has our

neural Engine for machine learning. and

now we've added semantic rendering. this

allows us to more intelligently detect

subjects and relight them with detail. so

they look even better now. we use this

across your photos including in our

next-gen smart HDR. you can see the

gorgeous smile in her warm face

accentuated by the backlit Sun. now we're

using multi scale tone mapping so we can

treat highlights differently in

different parts of the image depending

on what's best for them. now it works

here in portrait mode and people love

taking portraits on iPhone 11. and either

11 has this wide-angle camera so you can

take these beautiful wide shots of

portraits for people but now with two

cameras we have stereoscopic depth. so

now you can also take portraits of your

favorite pets.

and you can also use creative

depth-of-field for shots like this. now

we have a new portrait lighting effect

and that's Heike mono. you can take a

stunning studio quality portrait like

this from a pretty ordinary background.

alright let's talk about night mode. this

is for those very low-light environments

like outdoors at night or inside a dimly

lit restaurant and night mode. comes on

automatically when it's dark enough to

brighten photos and reduce noise. here's

an image with night mode turned off. here

it is with night mode turn on.

we determined the image fusion time and

use adaptive bracketing based on what we

see in preview. so shorter frames if you

have subject motion or longer frames if

you have deep shadows to recover them.

then we intelligently fuse images

together reducing motion and blur. all

right we know you love taking videos and

you're capturing more than ever an

iPhone. so I'm really excited to show you

the first video shot on iphone 11

entirely on our wide and ultra wide

cameras.

so the quality is just astounding. that

was shot in 4k resolution and all the

shots including the ones overhead or

handheld. so it's making use of our even

better cinematic video stabilization. so

in taking video you can easily tap to

switch to the ultra wide camera to

capture even more on your scene. you can

also use the zoom wheel to just

transition easily between the two

cameras. now we make it great to capture

in all the formats you love because we

support 4k resolution up to 60 frames

per second slow-mo time-lapse cinematic

video stabilization and now extended

dynamic range at 4k up to 60 frames per

second. and this is across both cameras

which is pretty cool.

we also wanted to make it easier for you

to take a quick video with quick take. so

now when you're taking photos and you

decide you want to take a quick video

simply tap and hold the shutter button

to record a video. you can do that

without changing frames. so video really

shines on iPhone 11. in fact it has the

highest quality video ever in a

smartphone. this is enabled by a real

time processing across our camera

hardware our software our video encoders

and our chip. so that's the amazing dual

camera system on iPhone 11 with their

new wide and ultra wide 42X optical

zoom out night mode a brighter flash

next gen smart HDR and the highest

quality video. it will change the way you

take your photos and videos. we've also

updated our front a true depth camera to

a wider 12 megapixel sensor. so now you

can still take your 7 megapixel selfies

as you normally would but simply rotate

to landscape to capture even more. people

using that wider sensor also on the

front camera. we've added 4k video with

extended dynamic range up to 30 frames

per second and you can also capture on

the front at 4k 60 as well. now we've

also added slow-motion video to the

front camera for the first time now. we

think this is going to be really fun.

it's so fun that we created a little ad

about it and we couldn't resist showing

you.

okay so we want this to inspire you to

go take some awesome slow fees because

we can't wait too soon. all right now so

much of our great camera. it is also enabled

by performance and iPhone 11 has leading

performance for your everyday to the

most demanding tasks. in fact our Apple

design chips have led the industry for

many years. Ben says the a12 is so far

ahead of the industry that it will still

be competitive with the best Android

smartphones in two years.

well now we're introducing the a13

Bionic the next generation of our

industry-leading chip.

so if you look at CPU performance with

the iPhone 10rs a12 bionic chip it

still leads the pack in terms of the

latest smartphones and chips.

well the a13 Bionic is just going to

extend that leave even further. the a13

is the fastest CPU ever in a smartphone.

and that's great because everything you

do every day from morning till night

makes use of the chip. so what about

graphics. well if you look at the a12

still leading the pack in GPU

performance and the a13 Bionic is just

going to get even faster because the a13

Bionic is also the fastest GPU ever in

the car.

and to show you more about that because

this is great for mobile gaming I'd like

to introduce giant Network. they are the

force behind some of the most popular

mobile games in China. and now with their

studio tips works they're preparing to

release their first global title it's

called Pascal's wager. and I'd like to

introduce yang Yang the founder of tips

works. thank you. we have been working on

in exciting action wrapping gear. let's

take a look. past Casa wager it's a dark

fantasy action game. your take on a

journey through a messy for world. the

game happens in a place that you're

surrounded by internal darkness and a

few minutes must make a pass by state

blow to joints does illuminate. you will

notice the fantastical creatures which

look amazing. with meta to shaders

please can select the one of four

characters and can change throughout to

use different skills. now we will change

it to Bonita whose powerful web can take

out enemies middle engine. we spent hours

of recruiting the perfect sounds of

footsteps change and even blade slashing

details are clear with the iPhone

spatial audience. let's watch a spenita

fight this monster.

so we trailed albo we see the benefits

of hunter processing effects including

anti aliasing and bloom which are only

possible with a GPU of the new iPhone

of this. with an incredible 60

frames-per-second of smooth performance

which comes in handy as we keep evil at

bay speaking of evil our hero could use

some help.

we don't want to spoil anything. this is

a preview of Pascal's wager pre-order

exclusively on the App Store next month.

thank you.

so I just have to say how remarkable it

is. that a game like that with those

kinds of phenomenal graphics can run on

a small and powerful chip in the palm of

your hand. a13 Bionic so just kudos to

that and our incredible silicon

engineers. we can't wait to see Pascal's

wager.

and what else other developers will come

up with with the a13.

all right so battery. we know that

battery life is really important to

customers. and last year with the iPhone

10r we already have the longest

battery life in an iPhone ever. and it

was a big leap and our customers loved

it. so with the advancements in iPhone 11

it'll still have an hour more and vim

battery that your iPhone 10R. for

the advances in iPhone 11 really touch

areas that customers experience every

day. this is innovation that matters

powerful dual camera system night mode

and things we didn't even have time to

talk about like faster face ID water and

dust resistance wireless charging Wi-Fi

six and more. we think customers will

love iPhone 11. and we've created a

really fun video all about it.

iphone 11 offers so much meaningful

innovation and we want even more people

to experience it. so we're really excited

to offer iPhone 11 at just $6.99.

we think this is an amazing phone that

everyone will love. thank you and now

back to Tim. Thank You Cayenne. the new

iPhone 11 is simply amazing. we designed

it with our customers in mind and it

will impact their lives in meaningful

ways every day. but we didn't stop there.

for our customers that want the most

sophisticated technology that really

pushes the limits. we've created

something truly special and I'm thrilled

to introduce it to you now.

this is the iPhone 11 Pro and these are

the most powerful and most advanced

iPhones that we have ever built in a

stunning new design. I'd like to invite

Phil up to tell you all about them. Phil.

thank you Tim and good morning everyone.

how you doing out there. but this is the

first phone that we've called pro and

for us that means it's a device that

pros can count on to get their work done.

but it's also product for all of us who

want simply the best product made even

if we're not a pro. so let's talk all

about it. we'll start with this

incredible stunning new pro design. this

is the most advanced and detailed iPhone

we've made yet. it's made of a surgical

grade stainless steel that back is a

single piece of machine glass with an

optical PVD coating. there's a beautiful

new mat textured finish that looks great

and feels awesome in your hand.

iPhone 11 pro comes in some gorgeous new

finishes. this is an all-new midnight

green. there's a very pro Space Gray a

beautiful silver and a new gold. these

are incredible. all right let's talk

about this pro display. it comes in two

sizes five point eight inches and 6.5

inches. they have the highest pixel

density of any display Apple makes. our

super Retina display is the most

advanced we've ever built into an iPhone.

it's a new OLED panel that has 2 million

to 1 contrast ratio P three-wide color

true tone have to touch and now a much

brighter up to 1200 nits. that's

incredibly bright while also being 15%

more energy-efficient.

now this incredible new display has a

love of a brightness contrast ratio

color in detail. well really it's the

experience that we're building into the

new display. for the Mac Pro we call that

the pro display XDR and now that

experience is being built into an iPhone.

in addition to that it has the spatial

audio sound the Cayenne told you about

as HDR 10.

we vision dolby atmos so we decide it's

worthy of a new name. we call it the

super retina xdr display. alright

let's talk about performance a pro level

performance. as you know our a series

chips have kept Apple ahead of the

industry for years. now and the a13

Bionic is going to extend that lead. well

to tell you even more about the a13

Bionic I'm really excited to bring up

three some. phantom is our vice president

of silicon engineering sri. thank you.

hello everyone.

our engineering team at Apple has been

designing chips for iPhone for over a

decade. and today

I'm excited to talk to you about 

a13 Bionic our latest creation and we

have touched everything. now at Apple we

have the benefit of owning the entire

vertical stack the software the system

hardware and the chip design. and we work

together to optimize every block on the

chip.

all the way from the transistor up

through the package design to work

efficiently for iOS and iPhone we've

touched so many things that improve so

many things in the a13 Bionic. but today

I'd like to talk to you about two

specific improvements machine learning

and low-power design. first machine

learning. we use machine learning all

throughout iPhone. and in our chips our

CPU GPU and neural engine are all

optimized for different types of machine

learning workloads. and in a13 Bionic we

made them all faster 4ml particularly.

the cpu it we added brand new machine

learning accelerators in our CPUs. these

accelerators are built on matrix

multiplication very fast.

that's an operation that's used

frequently in ml computation. these

dedicated accelerators allow the CP to

process matrix math operations up to 6x

faster making the CPU capable of over

one trillion operations per second.

now as developers experiment on the

bleeding edge of ml the CPU can

accelerate these nascent evolving models.

in addition the chip works our latest

generation of the Apple Design machine

learning controller so that ml models

can be automatically and seamlessly

scheduled on the CPU GPU and neural

engine balancing efficiency and

performance. together with iPhone 11 Pro

this creates a fully integrated platform

where developers can do some incredible

things

like natural language processing image

classification in photos and videos and

character animation and people occlusion

in AR apps. all of this makes iphone 11

pro the best machine learning platform

in any smartphone.

the second thing I'd like to talk to you

today about is how we lowered the power

of the a13 Bionic. it is our most

efficient chip today and here are a few

reasons why. first it starts with the

transistors. the fundamental building

blocks of our chips and a13 Bionic uses

an advanced improved 2nd generation 7

nanometer transistor the most advanced

in the industry. and we carefully

tailored each transistor for high

performance and low power. and we did

this with over eight and a half billion

transistors. that's the most we've ever

put into any iPhone chip but it's not

just a sheer volume of transistors to

get both high performance and low power.

you need great architecture. one example

of that is our hot apple architected

high-efficiency CPU cores. these cores

are the most efficient place to run

lightweight tasks and powerful enough to

use most of the time giving you great

battery life. finally at the design level

we apply many many low-power design

techniques to increase the efficiency of

our design. for example we have hundreds

of voltage domains on the chip. so we

light up only the sections of the chip

that need to function at any given time.

but that's not all. we have hundreds of

thousands of got caught gating domains

so we only turn on the smallest amount

of logic in the chip dramatically

reducing power. the result is our highest

performing highest performing most

efficient design ever. all of our core

CPU GPU and ural engine are all up to 20

percent faster. in addition at the same

time as we move performance up for those

applications and tasks that don't need

more performance. in the a12 we were

able to reduce the power of all our

engines for example our GPU by up to 40%.

all of this translates to great

performance and battery life for our

customers and in addition combined to

the thermal design of the iPhone 11 Pro.

we have our best sustained performance

ever.

and that's a13 bionic. it is our most

efficient most performant chip we have

ever built for iPhone. we can't wait for

our customers and developers succeed in

action.

thank you and back to film.

well thank you three. so what is our team

done to help the battery keep up with

this incredible level of pro performance.

we are so excited to tell you that with

iPhone 11 Pro you now get up to four

hours longer in your day with iPhone 11

Pro max up to five hours longer their

day. we're also including our fast charge

18 watt adapter in the box. you can

charge them all faster too. so I know. I

know what you're waiting for.

I am too. let's talk about the cameras.

now question my favorite part about

iPhone. this is the first iPhone that

we've had a camera system that we call

pro. it's really worthy of this name. so

what does it have. first it has a new

wide camera that has a fast F 1.8

aperture and focus pixels to cover a

hundred percent of the sensor. it is a

new telephoto camera with a larger F 2.0

aperture. it lets in 40% more light and

has a new ultra wide camera with a super

wide 120 degree field of view and a

tremendous range of focus across the

entire image. now all these work together

with the a13 Bionic chip and its new

generation image signal processor and

that enables a whole new level of

photography pro photography. and you're

just going to love it. so let's let's go

to one that some of the things that does

first with the telephoto camera. and the

ultra wide do the ability to zoom in two

times and zoom out two times

that's a 4x optical zoom range. with

these three cameras you have incredible

creative control. so for example you can

use the telephoto and getting close on

your subject to really zoom in on it. or

you can use the wide to tell bit more of

a story. or you can pull all the way out

to the ultra wide and reveal the full

surroundings. you can take all three

shots from one vantage point.

now we've given iphone 11pro

to some pro photographers to use.

what they can do with this incredible

new camera system and first they

absolutely love it. and they are excited

to share with you some of the photos

they've taken. so we've picked from all

the incredible shots they've taken six.

we're gonna go through six shots that

pros have taken to show you some of the

different cameras and what's possible.

and they're just stunning and here's a

perfect one. to start with look at this

image. it is shot with the wide camera

shot by Jordy wood shot it in a perfect

named place for this photo Picabo Canyon

and Kanab Utah. that's just the awesome

name for this. look at the eye. the detail

in the eye the it's the details in the

eyelashes the incredible skin tones. this

is a great photo show the power of this

new camera system. here's another shot

very different kind of shot also taken

with that wide camera. this was shot by

Jake Michaels in LA. you can see caught a

moment frozen in time. the fast shutter

speed and capture the light just

bouncing off those frozen water droplets.

and it uses our black and white pro

level image filter which gives

incredible tonal grayscale to it. all

right now let's switch over the

telephoto. is an incredible shot taken by

Francesca Alan out in Malibu.

just the incredible image clarity

stunning environment skin tones are

beautiful shot by the natural light. and

that's just the natural depth of field

of that aperture with F 1.8 F 2.0. it is

amazing and the Blues of the sky in the

water just stunning. so now let's look at

a portrait mode shot of the telephoto

camera. it's very different than

what you would take. this is backlit.

a backlit portrait mode telephoto shot

by Jeff Jake Michaels. and you just see

the incredible silhouette but so much

detail in the hair look at the blue and

gold backlit just such vibrant colors a

stunning image. all right now let's look

at a photo taken with our new ultra wide

camera. Jake Michaels took this down in

Venice Beach over a skateboard park. how

did you take this got up on a cherry

picker 50 feet above the ground. I think many of

us would be a little nervous doing

that. but for us he did it took a shot

down with the wide-angle the super wide

camera. just see this incredible abstract

image looks stunning.

the focus is incredible because of the

depth of focus of that camera. all right

one more example. this is shot with the

ultra wide by Kiara's Anka shot this in

Arizona. see this amazing contrast

between the lights and the darks and

mid-tones. the sky the landscape is just

surreal. this is just this otherworldly

kind of shot that we'd all love to get.

so those are six examples of photos

using the three cameras there. what pros

can do if you put it in their hands with

their incredible talent. it's amazing

stuff. well now what we want to do. yep.

now we want to give you a sneak peak of

a new feature coming in the camera that

will be available with the software

update this fall. but it's so cool. we

have to tell you about it. it's using the

knurl engine of the a13 Bionic to create

a whole brand-new kind of image

processing system. we call it deep fusion.

and this is so cool so that to tell you

what it's doing when you do that. while

we look at an image so this is a photo

that was shot on an iPhone 11 pro using

this deep fusion technology. and this

kind of an image would not have been

possible for we use machine learning to

take this photo and low to medium light.

and it's unlike anything possible with

the iPhone camera before. so what what is

it doing how. do we get an image like

this. all right. you ready for this. what

it does. it shoots nine images before you

press the shutter button. it's already

shot for short images for secondary

images. when you press the shutter button

it takes one long exposure and then in

just one second the knurl engine

analyzes the fuse combination of long

and short images picking the best among

them selecting all the pixels and pixel

by pixel going through 24 million pixels

to optimize for detail and low noise.

like you see on the sweater there it is

amazing. this is the first time a neural

engine is responsible for generating the

output image. it is computational

photography mad science this way.

all right. now let's talk about video.

iPhone 11 Pro is a powerful new video

camera system. all three cameras shoot 4k

60 frame a second extended dynamic range

video with beautiful highlights and

shadow details. so of course we gave

iPhone 11 Pro to a professional

cinematographer and director and asked

them to take it to a back lot in LA

shoot something and show us all what's

possible with this brand new camera

system. and that's what we want to show

you now.

that incredible. that was not always shot

but also edited entirely an iPhone 11

pro by director of photography Guillermo

Garza and director at Diego Contreras.

thank you guys. that is just stunning

video. and the team works hard to make

sure that you can get consistent image

capture across all three video cameras.

we actually paired the three cameras

right at the factory calibrating them

for color and exposure. and then all the

time while you're using them we actually

do some smart things. like we in real

time take data from the camera you're

shooting with and prime the other

cameras automatically for auto focus

auto exposure color temperature even

tone mapping. so you can get a smooth

transition across all three cameras

while we minimize any shifts in color or

exposure. and for pros who want to edit

this video quickly on device now with

iOS 13 we have new advanced video

editing features built into the Photos

app. so you can do things like edit a

video for exposure color temperature

even cropping and scaling right in the

palm of your hands. so this is the new

camera system in iPhone 11 Pro. we think

pros are gonna love it. we're all gonna

love it. it is incredible new wide ultra

wide telephoto cameras a highest quality

video ever four times optical zoom new

smarter HDR new night mode on and on. it

is an incredibly. we even have reach

designed the camera out there's a new

font in it called SF camera. it is so pro

you're gonna love using it now on top of

all of this iPhone 11 Pro. it's really

the only pro camera with a native app

ecosystem. there's App Store has over 50

over 30 thousand photo and video app. so

you can do just about anything can

imagine right on device. so a great

example of this is filmic. they make a

great app called filmic Pro that makes

it possible for award-winning directors

to push the boundaries of what's

possible with cinematic filmmaking on

iphone. so we're really honored to invite

up their CTO Christopher Cohen and

along with them director of acclaimed

films. the Florida Project and tangerine

the first theatrical trailer shot

entirely on iPhone Shaun Baker. welcome

guys. I shot tangerine on iphone using

filmic Pro and I've been working closely

with Chris and the filmic team ever

since. now every shot has the right lens.

as a filmmaker it's my job to figure out

which lens that is unset. I use a tool

called the directors viewfinder. it helps

me find a frame and choose focal length.

filmmakers have been doing it like this

for nearly 75 years but what if you

could use. what we're all going to have

in our pockets. we're delighted to

preview the next version of filmic Pro.

it's gonna move filmmaking forward. let's

take a look at the next generation of

lens selection. we've divided the

viewfinder into individual feeds

visualizing every field of view

available on the new iPhone. with the new

a13 and the higher sustained

performance of the new iPhone you can

shoot with our most complex capture

pipeline up to five times longer than

before. but now you can shoot with

multiple cameras at the same time giving

filmmakers even more options. and I love

that because it's totally transformative.

with two cameras rolling in filmic Pro I

get twice as much coverage on the same

take reducing my number of takes and

giving me more options in post. to

facilitate that we employ a compound

overlay representing the primary and

secondary cameras while both are being

recorded simultaneously. I can focus in

on my akin to compose or back up to see

my widest field of view.

I'm always excited when I see evolution

in filmmaking style and craft. and this

multicam feature will give me new

creative options for covering scenes

such as how I would approach. the

traditional shot reverse shots right

Sean. we can even couple this incredible

ultra wide camera with the front-facing

camera. this enables me to capture the

organic and intimate interaction between

two individuals in one unbroken take

with a single unobtrusive device. so I

can literally take the audience and slap

them right in the middle of a

conversation. it's not only incredible

for narrative storytelling it will be

wonderful for documentaries and

journalism as well the ability to record

multiple videos. this amazing sustained

performance and this incredible ultra

wide lens it's all in one device. it's

going to change this industry. the

all-new filmic pro will be available

later this year only in the App Store.

thank you.

Thank You Christopher and Shawn. so this

is iPhone 11 Pro. in addition to the

triple camera system a 13Bionic longer

battery life faster charging new designs

there's also faster cellular better

water resistance stronger glass and so

much more. we think this is the most

exciting iPhone we've made yet. we've

made a video to tell you just a little

bit more about it.

so iPhone 11pro and iPhone 11 are made

to be designed free from these harmful

materials and of course to reduce their

impact on the environment. and this is so

important to us. so I bring it up every

time. we want to keep pushing the

boundaries of this iPhone 11. iPhone it

up in pro our most advanced phones.

I think everyone's gonna want to show

them off and some people like to protect

them with cases. so we have a new line of

cases for them as well including clear

cases for all three models. so you can

show off your beautiful new finishes. so

iPhone 11 Pro will start at $9.99 an

iPhone 11 pro max it's just $100 more at

1099.

you can pre-order all of them starting

this Friday at a new time 5:00 am

Pacific Daylight Time. so if you can get

a few more hours of sleep and then get

in line a pre-order. they'll all start

shipping on September 20th. so this is

our lineup of three new iPhones starting

at six ninety nine ninety nine and ten

ninety nine. in addition to that we're

going to keep iPhone 10r in the line

starting at just $5.99 and iPhone8

at four forty nine. so there's a lot of

great options for people at all

different price points. so that is our

news today on iPhone 11 and iPhone 11

Pro. back to you Tim. with breakthrough

technologies and advanced capabilities

the all new iPhone 11 pro and iPhone 11

Pro max are just beyond incredible. and of

course the best place to learn more

about these and get your hands on them

are in our amazing retail stores. and to

tell you all about what's going on at

retail I'd like to introduce you to dare

draw Brian.

thanks so much Tim. I would love to start

this update on Apple retail by giving a

huge shout out to our retail team

members all around the world. the

customer truly is at the center of

everything that we do. and thanks to our

passionate teams there really is no

better place to see this in action than

in our stores. today we would love to

share two ways we're making the

experience even better. let's start with

personalization. Apple Retail has always

been the best place to help you

customize and personalize your products.

and now we're going to take it even

further. with Apple watch currently we

offer a wide selection of watches where

we choose and pair the cases with the

fans. with Apple watch Series five we're

thrilled to announce the all new Apple

watch studio where you choose and pair

any case with any band to create exactly

the watch that you want.

the Apple watch studio experience is

available in our stores and online and

with so many different combinations.

there are nearly a thousand different

ways to represent your own personal

style.

now next we'd love to talk about Apple

tradin. I'd love to show you how it works.

you just saw all of this great news

about our new iPhones. and now you can

use your current iPhone as credit

towards a new iPhone. and because we know

many of our customers prefer to pay by

months we're pleased to offer low

monthly payments in a number of our

countries.

Apple trade and makes your new iPhone

even more affordable. and because we

reuse and recycle it's great for the

planet. now those are just two of the

services that we offer. there is so much

more. so much and the entire store

experience is brought to life by our

amazing teams and the care that they

have for our customers.

this deep care along with our incredible

collection of products services and

experiences like today at Apple are

designed to delight and are available

only at Apple.

now finally our stores are the best

place for a celebration so on September

20th the same day our new iPhones and

Apple watches arrived. we're thrilled to

be hosting our biggest store reopening

ever Apple 5th Avenue.

the newly expanded public plaza is going

to be a wonderful place for the

community together and inside

everything's been completely transformed.

we've dramatically increased the height

and we've nearly doubled the size making

it our largest in the world. apple 5th

Avenue has a special place in our hearts

and we can't wait to welcome you back.

that's a quick update on retail. back to

you too. thank you. thanks Kara. I am so

proud of our retail team and the unique

experience they deliver to our customers

every day. they are amazing and I'm

especially thrilled that the iconic 5th

Avenue stores reopening. I hope to see

all of you there on September 20th. what

an exciting morning. I hope you guys have

had as much fun as I have. we we shared

the all new Apple arcade a game

subscription service unlike any other

come in to the App Store this month an

Apple TV plus with powerful and unique

Apple originals from today's most

creative storytellers coming to the

Apple TV app beginning November 1st and

the new iPad bringing a 10 point 2 inch

Retina display support for Apple pencil

and smart keyboard and the power of iPad

OS to more people than ever before the

new Apple watch Series 5 with it's

always on Retina display compass new

finishes and the amazing new features of

watch OS 6 the new iPhone 11 with its

new dual camera system powerful a 13

chip beautiful new finishes and

incredible capabilities and of course

the stunning new iPhone 11 throw with is

jam-packed with advanced technologies

designed to enable people to do even

more than before.

our mission at Apple has always been to

design products that empower people and

enrich people's lives

to put technologies in your hands and to

see all the wonderful things that you'll

do with them.

we couldn't be more proud of the

products and services that we shared

with you this morning. for those of you

here today with us we'd like to invite

you to experience them first in the

hands-on area upstairs. and I'd like to

thank everyone at Apple for doing the

best work of their lives in bringing

these products and services to market.

and I'd like to thank everyone. thank you

and I especially like to thank everyone

that came out this morning and everyone

that tuned in online to watch the

keynote this morning. thank you and have

a great day.

