now next up

let's talk about Apple watch. Apple watch

puts groundbreaking health fitness and

communications capabilities onto the

risk of millions and millions of people.

today Apple watch is everywhere. and it's

making a difference in so many ways. all

over the world we hear firsthand

everyday about the truly personal and

profound impacts that the Apple watch is

having on people's lives. so we made a

video for you this morning to share just

some of these stories with you.


thank you.

okay.

thank you. thank you. it is it's truly

inspiring to see the difference that the

Apple watch is making. they the hearing

these stories really make my heart sing

and these are just a few of the amazing

stories that I get every day. now in

addition to helping individuals Apple

watch is having an impact on another

important area that affects all of us.

and that is health research. we're

excited about how Apple watch can make a

tremendous difference in this area. and

to tell you more about it I'd like to

invite sümbül to the stage.

Sumbul. what makes the amazing stories

you just saw even possible are the

incredible capabilities built into Apple

watch. each one requiring extensive

development and research. this deep focus

on science is the foundation of many of

our product features especially the ones

focused on health. for example the

irregular heart rhythm notification was

developed from the using the data from

the largest study ever focused on atrial

fibrillation. over 400,000 people

participated in the Apple heart study

and this showed for the first time that

a SmartWatch could help in the early

detection of afib. it transformed how we

look at cardiovascular science. we were

so encouraged that today we are

announcing three new health research

studies. starting with the Apple hearing

study since apple watch is on you all

the time and can now measure sound

levels in your environment. this study

will analyze how your daily sound

exposure impacts your long-term hearing

health. for this study we're working with

the experts at the University of

Michigan and the World Health

Organization.

for our second study we're using the new

cycle tracking feature that we

introduced in June. the Apple women's

health study focuses on an area that

hasn't received much attention in many

years.

it'll look at how menstrual cycles can

inform the screening for important

conditions like infertility and

osteoporosis. for this novel study we're

partnering with the Harvard School of

Public Health and the NIH. finally the

apple heart and movement study will look

at how metrics from apple watch can

serve as early warning signs and help

create innovative interventions to

improve overall health. for this study

we're so excited to be partnering with

the American Heart Association and the

cardiovascular experts at the Brigham

and Women's Hospital. if you would like

to participate in this research and make

a contribution to potential medical

discoveries you can enroll using the new

apple research app where you can enroll

perform tasks and view your data. of

course you decide what data you want to

share and with whom Apple cannot access

any information that directly identifies

you. the new apple research app will be

available in the US later this year. now

back to Tim. thank you. some more we're

really excited about the impact the

research app can have. it gives all of

us an amazing opportunity to participate

in health research that could lead to

innovations to improve our health and

the health of future generations. so I

hope that you check it out since the

beginning. innovation has been the core

of the Apple watch. innovations that

really matter to people from the life

changing to the potentially life savings

many of these technologies were barely

imaginable just a few years ago. Apple

watch has become the most advanced and

most loved SmartWatch in the world. and

to tell you all about what's next with

the Apple watch

I'd like to invite up Stan.

thanks Tim. we want to make apple watch

even better for all the things you do in

place as you go. and so today I'm so

excited to share with you the next

generation of Apple watch.

introducing Apple watch Series 5

featuring an innovative new display that

is always on the new always-on Retina

Display Never Sleeps. so the watch face

is always visible. with previous models

of Apple watch when you lowered your

wrist the display would go completely

dark but now with series 5 you always be

able to see your time and complications.

hey risks razor a tap brings everything

back to full brightness. now the new

always-on display is just loaded with

advanced technologies so I want to tell

you about it. it all starts with the

industry's only low temperature

poly-silicon and oxide display or LTP.

LTP allows the display to refresh

dynamically from as high as 60 Hertz to

as low as one Hertz which is extremely

power efficient. there's also a new low

power display driver an ultra efficient

power management integrated circuit and

a new ambient light sensor which all

work seamlessly together. by combining

this incredible hardware with innovative

software we're able to deliver this

always-on display while still

maintaining the same all-day 18 hour

battery life.

now all of the watch faces have been

carefully tuned for the new display. so

you'll always be able to see your time

in your complications.

we've also optimized the screens for all

of the workouts in the workout apps. so

you'll be able to see your workout

metrics without raising your wrist. this

always on display is perfect for those

times when you can't raise your wrist or

tap the display or when you're in a

social or work setting where you kind of

want to just sneak a quick glance at the

top right or when you're the middle of a

crazy hard workout where a wrist raise

just isn't possible. the new always on

display is gonna be useful for so many

different situations throughout the day.

we can't wait for you to try it. next

let's talk about another new feature in

series 5 a built-in compass.

now with the updated Maps app you'll be

able to see which way you're facing. just

like on your iPhone you can add the

compass to your watch face. so you can

see your direction at a glance and

there's even a new compass app which

allows you to see not only your heading

but also your latitude longitude current

elevation and incline. now our developers

can take advantage of the compass as

well so the direction is always clear

when you're hiking with wiki elope

paddleboarding with goes up or searching

out the constellations with night sky.

next let's talk about safety features.

Apple watch has some important safety

features built right in like fall

detection emergency SOS medical ID. now

emergency SOS could be life-saving.

should you ever need it and so we wanted

to make it even more capable. now with

series 5 every cellular model has

international emergency calling. so you

can call emergency services in over a

hundred and fifty countries around the

world.

just by pressing and holding down the

side button even without your iPhone

we think this will give you great peace

of mind if you ever travel internationally. next

another important benefit of Apple watch

is being able to express your personal

style. and Series five has the widest

assortment of case finishes ever.

aluminum models come in silver gold and

Space Gray. and now the cases are made

from a hundred percent recycled aluminum.

stainless-steel models come in gold

space black and polished and were

introducing new models for the first

time in titanium. this natural brushed

titanium maintained his color through a

special surface treatment than Apple

custom engineered. and there's also a

second model in titanium. in this brush

space black with a diamond light coating

Series five will be available in ceramic

as well in this brilliant white color

really beautiful. there are new Apple

watch Nike models featuring new Nike

sport band's new reflective sport loops

and cool new Nike watch faces. and there

are new Hermes models in these beautiful

color block bands with a classic or mass

print. aren't they cool. this year we're

also introducing Hermes models in black

featuring space black stainless steel

cases featuring handcraft noir leather

bands.

these are just stunning. of course every

Apple watch is designed and manufactured

in the most environmentally friendly way

possible. we're so excited about Apple

watch Series 5 with its always-on

display compass international emergency

calling and all the other great features

like its swim proof. you can take an ECG

fall detection Apple pay all the new

features of watch the what six. it truly

is the most capable Apple watch ever.

series five GPS models will start at

just three ninety-nine and $4.99 for

cellular models. you'll be able to order

series five starting today right after

the keynote and they'll be available in

our stores starting September 20th. we're

also keeping the very popular series

three in the line. series three is a

great watch. it has GPS heart rate sensor

it's swim proof the new features of

watch OS six and now starting at a

low price of just $1.99.

and that's Apple watch. thank you. back to

you Tim. Thank You Stan.

I'm really excited about this new Apple

watch lineup. and with all of the new

amazing features Apple watch is going to

enable you to do even more than before.

we created a fun video to demonstrate

just this. I'd love to play it for you.

I love that video. I love that video. it

really helps you understand so many of

the amazing things that the watch can do.
