next up let's talk about iPhone. iPhone

in the incredible capabilities that it

puts into people's hands has changed the

way we live our lives in ways that we

never could have imagined. it's become so

essential for hundreds and hundreds of

millions of people all over the world.

it's changed industries and led to the

creation of entirely new ones. and it's

made a profound impact on all of our

daily lives.

customers love Iphone and we keep

striving to make it better and better.

last year we launched three incredible

iPhones. the iPhone 10R became the most

popular iPhone and the most popular

smartphone in the world. we also launched

the iPhone 10s and the iPhone 10s max

the most advanced iPhones we have ever

created. these three iPhones together

have a combined 99% customer

satisfaction. this is the highest in the

industry really unbelievable. customers love 

Iphone because we focus on technologies

that matter most in their lives. today I

am thrilled to share with you the newest

iPhone.

this is iPhone 11 the next generation of

iPhone. and it is jam-packed with great

new capabilities in an incredible new

design. to tell you all about iPhone 11

I'd like to invite Cayenne to the stage.

Thank You Tim. the innovations on iPhone

11 are truly remarkable and that starts

with a design. iPhone 11 has a beautiful

anodized aluminum and glass design. and

that glass it's a toughest ever in a

smartphone on the front and back. in the

glass it surrounds the camera has a

sculpted 3d geometry and it was

precision milled down from a single

piece of glass to achieve this elegant

look. iPhone 11 comes in six new colors

with an all-new purple white yellow

green black and product red. it has a 6.1

inch liquid Retina display with true

tone white color tapped awake and haptic

touch in even more places with Iowa's 13

like contextual menus. now videos are

wonderful to watch on this display. and

now we have spatial audio which provides

an immersive theater like experience by

creating a sound field around you using

an apple design virtualizer. and we

support Dolby Atmos for an incredible

sound experience.

now let's talk about camera. iPhone is

the world's most popular camera. and it

gets even better with iPhone 11. we have

an amazing dual camera system with an

all-new wide camera with a new sensor

with a hundred percent focused pixels

for faster autofocus three times faster

and low-light. and we have a new ultra

wide camera with a hundred and twenty

degree field of view. this will let you

capture way more in your photos and

videos because now you can take a wide

camera shot like this but switch to the

ultra wide to reveal them.

so now see the beautiful framing my

mother nature but the details still are

there in the sky the rocks in the sand.

this is doing an optical zoom out 2X.

so you can capture way more without

moving. so now when you're taking a wide

camera shot you'll see our new immersive

camera interface that lets you see

outside the frame hinting at a bigger

shot. then you can simply tap to switch

to the ultra wide revealing more of your

scene. this is great for these epic

landscape shots where you can see edge

to edge all this detail. and it's also

great for tight spaces where you can't

physically back up but the ultra wide

lets you do that. revealing more of your

story you can use an angle like this to

take a heroic and dynamic shot because

the ultra wide can elongate your subject.

it keep all these details sharp from her

red dress all the way to her face. now

these are some examples of great ultra

wide photos. we've also updated our image

pipeline which processes over a trillion

operations per photo. and it's got our

image signal processor and it has our

neural Engine for machine learning. and

now we've added semantic rendering. this

allows us to more intelligently detect

subjects and relight them with detail. so

they look even better now. we use this

across your photos including in our

next-gen smart HDR. you can see the

gorgeous smile in her warm face

accentuated by the backlit Sun. now we're

using multi scale tone mapping so we can

treat highlights differently in

different parts of the image depending

on what's best for them. now it works

here in portrait mode and people love

taking portraits on iPhone 11. and either

11 has this wide-angle camera so you can

take these beautiful wide shots of

portraits for people but now with two

cameras we have stereoscopic depth. so

now you can also take portraits of your

favorite pets.

and you can also use creative

depth-of-field for shots like this. now

we have a new portrait lighting effect

and that's Heike mono. you can take a

stunning studio quality portrait like

this from a pretty ordinary background.

alright let's talk about night mode. this

is for those very low-light environments

like outdoors at night or inside a dimly

lit restaurant and night mode. comes on

automatically when it's dark enough to

brighten photos and reduce noise. here's

an image with night mode turned off. here

it is with night mode turn on.

we determined the image fusion time and

use adaptive bracketing based on what we

see in preview. so shorter frames if you

have subject motion or longer frames if

you have deep shadows to recover them.

then we intelligently fuse images

together reducing motion and blur. all

right we know you love taking videos and

you're capturing more than ever an

iPhone. so I'm really excited to show you

the first video shot on iphone 11

entirely on our wide and ultra wide

cameras.

so the quality is just astounding. that

was shot in 4k resolution and all the

shots including the ones overhead or

handheld. so it's making use of our even

better cinematic video stabilization. so

in taking video you can easily tap to

switch to the ultra wide camera to

capture even more on your scene. you can

also use the zoom wheel to just

transition easily between the two

cameras. now we make it great to capture

in all the formats you love because we

support 4k resolution up to 60 frames

per second slow-mo time-lapse cinematic

video stabilization and now extended

dynamic range at 4k up to 60 frames per

second. and this is across both cameras

which is pretty cool.

we also wanted to make it easier for you

to take a quick video with quick take. so

now when you're taking photos and you

decide you want to take a quick video

simply tap and hold the shutter button

to record a video. you can do that

without changing frames. so video really

shines on iPhone 11. in fact it has the

highest quality video ever in a

smartphone. this is enabled by a real

time processing across our camera

hardware our software our video encoders

and our chip. so that's the amazing dual

camera system on iPhone 11 with their

new wide and ultra wide 42X optical

zoom out night mode a brighter flash

next gen smart HDR and the highest

quality video. it will change the way you

take your photos and videos. we've also

updated our front a true depth camera to

a wider 12 megapixel sensor. so now you

can still take your 7 megapixel selfies

as you normally would but simply rotate

to landscape to capture even more. people

using that wider sensor also on the

front camera. we've added 4k video with

extended dynamic range up to 30 frames

per second and you can also capture on

the front at 4k 60 as well. now we've

also added slow-motion video to the

front camera for the first time now. we

think this is going to be really fun.

it's so fun that we created a little ad

about it and we couldn't resist showing

you.

okay so we want this to inspire you to

go take some awesome slow fees because

we can't wait too soon. all right now so

much of our great camera. it is also enabled

by performance and iPhone 11 has leading

performance for your everyday to the

most demanding tasks. in fact our Apple

design chips have led the industry for

many years. Ben says the a12 is so far

ahead of the industry that it will still

be competitive with the best Android

smartphones in two years.

well now we're introducing the a13

Bionic the next generation of our

industry-leading chip.

so if you look at CPU performance with

the iPhone 10rs a12 bionic chip it

still leads the pack in terms of the

latest smartphones and chips.

well the a13 Bionic is just going to

extend that leave even further. the a13

is the fastest CPU ever in a smartphone.

and that's great because everything you

do every day from morning till night

makes use of the chip. so what about

graphics. well if you look at the a12

still leading the pack in GPU

performance and the a13 Bionic is just

going to get even faster because the a13

Bionic is also the fastest GPU ever in

the car.

and to show you more about that because

this is great for mobile gaming I'd like

to introduce giant Network. they are the

force behind some of the most popular

mobile games in China. and now with their

studio tips works they're preparing to

release their first global title it's

called Pascal's wager. and I'd like to

introduce yang Yang the founder of tips

works. thank you. we have been working on

in exciting action wrapping gear. let's

take a look. past Casa wager it's a dark

fantasy action game. your take on a

journey through a messy for world. the

game happens in a place that you're

surrounded by internal darkness and a

few minutes must make a pass by state

blow to joints does illuminate. you will

notice the fantastical creatures which

look amazing. with meta to shaders

please can select the one of four

characters and can change throughout to

use different skills. now we will change

it to Bonita whose powerful web can take

out enemies middle engine. we spent hours

of recruiting the perfect sounds of

footsteps change and even blade slashing

details are clear with the iPhone

spatial audience. let's watch a spenita

fight this monster.

so we trailed albo we see the benefits

of hunter processing effects including

anti aliasing and bloom which are only

possible with a GPU of the new iPhone

of this. with an incredible 60

frames-per-second of smooth performance

which comes in handy as we keep evil at

bay speaking of evil our hero could use

some help.

we don't want to spoil anything. this is

a preview of Pascal's wager pre-order

exclusively on the App Store next month.

thank you.

so I just have to say how remarkable it

is. that a game like that with those

kinds of phenomenal graphics can run on

a small and powerful chip in the palm of

your hand. a13 Bionic so just kudos to

that and our incredible silicon

engineers. we can't wait to see Pascal's

wager.

and what else other developers will come

up with with the a13.

all right so battery. we know that

battery life is really important to

customers. and last year with the iPhone

10r we already have the longest

battery life in an iPhone ever. and it

was a big leap and our customers loved

it. so with the advancements in iPhone 11

it'll still have an hour more and vim

battery that your iPhone 10R. for

the advances in iPhone 11 really touch

areas that customers experience every

day. this is innovation that matters

powerful dual camera system night mode

and things we didn't even have time to

talk about like faster face ID water and

dust resistance wireless charging Wi-Fi

six and more. we think customers will

love iPhone 11. and we've created a

really fun video all about it.

iphone 11 offers so much meaningful

innovation and we want even more people

to experience it. so we're really excited

to offer iPhone 11 at just $6.99.

we think this is an amazing phone that

everyone will love. thank you and now

back to Tim. Thank You Cayenne. the new

iPhone 11 is simply amazing. we designed

it with our customers in mind and it

will impact their lives in meaningful

ways every day. but we didn't stop there.

for our customers that want the most

sophisticated technology that really

pushes the limits. we've created

something truly special and I'm thrilled

to introduce it to you now.

this is the iPhone 11 Pro and these are

the most powerful and most advanced

iPhones that we have ever built in a

stunning new design. I'd like to invite

Phil up to tell you all about them. Phil.

thank you Tim and good morning everyone.

how you doing out there. but this is the

first phone that we've called pro and

for us that means it's a device that

pros can count on to get their work done.

but it's also product for all of us who

want simply the best product made even

if we're not a pro. so let's talk all

about it. we'll start with this

incredible stunning new pro design. this

is the most advanced and detailed iPhone

we've made yet. it's made of a surgical

grade stainless steel that back is a

single piece of machine glass with an

optical PVD coating. there's a beautiful

new mat textured finish that looks great

and feels awesome in your hand.

iPhone 11 pro comes in some gorgeous new

finishes. this is an all-new midnight

green. there's a very pro Space Gray a

beautiful silver and a new gold. these

are incredible. all right let's talk

about this pro display. it comes in two

sizes five point eight inches and 6.5

inches. they have the highest pixel

density of any display Apple makes. our

super Retina display is the most

advanced we've ever built into an iPhone.

it's a new OLED panel that has 2 million

to 1 contrast ratio P three-wide color

true tone have to touch and now a much

brighter up to 1200 nits. that's

incredibly bright while also being 15%

more energy-efficient.

now this incredible new display has a

love of a brightness contrast ratio

color in detail. well really it's the

experience that we're building into the

new display. for the Mac Pro we call that

the pro display XDR and now that

experience is being built into an iPhone.

in addition to that it has the spatial

audio sound the Cayenne told you about

as HDR 10.

we vision dolby atmos so we decide it's

worthy of a new name. we call it the

super retina xdr display. alright

let's talk about performance a pro level

performance. as you know our a series

chips have kept Apple ahead of the

industry for years. now and the a13

Bionic is going to extend that lead. well

to tell you even more about the a13

Bionic I'm really excited to bring up

three some. phantom is our vice president

of silicon engineering sri. thank you.

hello everyone.

our engineering team at Apple has been

designing chips for iPhone for over a

decade. and today

I'm excited to talk to you about 

a13 Bionic our latest creation and we

have touched everything. now at Apple we

have the benefit of owning the entire

vertical stack the software the system

hardware and the chip design. and we work

together to optimize every block on the

chip.

all the way from the transistor up

through the package design to work

efficiently for iOS and iPhone we've

touched so many things that improve so

many things in the a13 Bionic. but today

I'd like to talk to you about two

specific improvements machine learning

and low-power design. first machine

learning. we use machine learning all

throughout iPhone. and in our chips our

CPU GPU and neural engine are all

optimized for different types of machine

learning workloads. and in a13 Bionic we

made them all faster 4ml particularly.

the cpu it we added brand new machine

learning accelerators in our CPUs. these

accelerators are built on matrix

multiplication very fast.

that's an operation that's used

frequently in ml computation. these

dedicated accelerators allow the CP to

process matrix math operations up to 6x

faster making the CPU capable of over

one trillion operations per second.

now as developers experiment on the

bleeding edge of ml the CPU can

accelerate these nascent evolving models.

in addition the chip works our latest

generation of the Apple Design machine

learning controller so that ml models

can be automatically and seamlessly

scheduled on the CPU GPU and neural

engine balancing efficiency and

performance. together with iPhone 11 Pro

this creates a fully integrated platform

where developers can do some incredible

things

like natural language processing image

classification in photos and videos and

character animation and people occlusion

in AR apps. all of this makes iphone 11

pro the best machine learning platform

in any smartphone.

the second thing I'd like to talk to you

today about is how we lowered the power

of the a13 Bionic. it is our most

efficient chip today and here are a few

reasons why. first it starts with the

transistors. the fundamental building

blocks of our chips and a13 Bionic uses

an advanced improved 2nd generation 7

nanometer transistor the most advanced

in the industry. and we carefully

tailored each transistor for high

performance and low power. and we did

this with over eight and a half billion

transistors. that's the most we've ever

put into any iPhone chip but it's not

just a sheer volume of transistors to

get both high performance and low power.

you need great architecture. one example

of that is our hot apple architected

high-efficiency CPU cores. these cores

are the most efficient place to run

lightweight tasks and powerful enough to

use most of the time giving you great

battery life. finally at the design level

we apply many many low-power design

techniques to increase the efficiency of

our design. for example we have hundreds

of voltage domains on the chip. so we

light up only the sections of the chip

that need to function at any given time.

but that's not all. we have hundreds of

thousands of got caught gating domains

so we only turn on the smallest amount

of logic in the chip dramatically

reducing power. the result is our highest

performing highest performing most

efficient design ever. all of our core

CPU GPU and ural engine are all up to 20

percent faster. in addition at the same

time as we move performance up for those

applications and tasks that don't need

more performance. in the a12 we were

able to reduce the power of all our

engines for example our GPU by up to 40%.

all of this translates to great

performance and battery life for our

customers and in addition combined to

the thermal design of the iPhone 11 Pro.

we have our best sustained performance

ever.

and that's a13 bionic. it is our most

efficient most performant chip we have

ever built for iPhone. we can't wait for

our customers and developers succeed in

action.

thank you and back to film.

well thank you three. so what is our team

done to help the battery keep up with

this incredible level of pro performance.

we are so excited to tell you that with

iPhone 11 Pro you now get up to four

hours longer in your day with iPhone 11

Pro max up to five hours longer their

day. we're also including our fast charge

18 watt adapter in the box. you can

charge them all faster too. so I know. I

know what you're waiting for.

I am too. let's talk about the cameras.

now question my favorite part about

iPhone. this is the first iPhone that

we've had a camera system that we call

pro. it's really worthy of this name. so

what does it have. first it has a new

wide camera that has a fast F 1.8

aperture and focus pixels to cover a

hundred percent of the sensor. it is a

new telephoto camera with a larger F 2.0

aperture. it lets in 40% more light and

has a new ultra wide camera with a super

wide 120 degree field of view and a

tremendous range of focus across the

entire image. now all these work together

with the a13 Bionic chip and its new

generation image signal processor and

that enables a whole new level of

photography pro photography. and you're

just going to love it. so let's let's go

to one that some of the things that does

first with the telephoto camera. and the

ultra wide do the ability to zoom in two

times and zoom out two times

that's a 4x optical zoom range. with

these three cameras you have incredible

creative control. so for example you can

use the telephoto and getting close on

your subject to really zoom in on it. or

you can use the wide to tell bit more of

a story. or you can pull all the way out

to the ultra wide and reveal the full

surroundings. you can take all three

shots from one vantage point.

now we've given iphone 11pro

to some pro photographers to use.

what they can do with this incredible

new camera system and first they

absolutely love it. and they are excited

to share with you some of the photos

they've taken. so we've picked from all

the incredible shots they've taken six.

we're gonna go through six shots that

pros have taken to show you some of the

different cameras and what's possible.

and they're just stunning and here's a

perfect one. to start with look at this

image. it is shot with the wide camera

shot by Jordy wood shot it in a perfect

named place for this photo Picabo Canyon

and Kanab Utah. that's just the awesome

name for this. look at the eye. the detail

in the eye the it's the details in the

eyelashes the incredible skin tones. this

is a great photo show the power of this

new camera system. here's another shot

very different kind of shot also taken

with that wide camera. this was shot by

Jake Michaels in LA. you can see caught a

moment frozen in time. the fast shutter

speed and capture the light just

bouncing off those frozen water droplets.

and it uses our black and white pro

level image filter which gives

incredible tonal grayscale to it. all

right now let's switch over the

telephoto. is an incredible shot taken by

Francesca Alan out in Malibu.

just the incredible image clarity

stunning environment skin tones are

beautiful shot by the natural light. and

that's just the natural depth of field

of that aperture with F 1.8 F 2.0. it is

amazing and the Blues of the sky in the

water just stunning. so now let's look at

a portrait mode shot of the telephoto

camera. it's very different than

what you would take. this is backlit.

a backlit portrait mode telephoto shot

by Jeff Jake Michaels. and you just see

the incredible silhouette but so much

detail in the hair look at the blue and

gold backlit just such vibrant colors a

stunning image. all right now let's look

at a photo taken with our new ultra wide

camera. Jake Michaels took this down in

Venice Beach over a skateboard park. how

did you take this got up on a cherry

picker 50 feet above the ground. I think many of

us would be a little nervous doing

that. but for us he did it took a shot

down with the wide-angle the super wide

camera. just see this incredible abstract

image looks stunning.

the focus is incredible because of the

depth of focus of that camera. all right

one more example. this is shot with the

ultra wide by Kiara's Anka shot this in

Arizona. see this amazing contrast

between the lights and the darks and

mid-tones. the sky the landscape is just

surreal. this is just this otherworldly

kind of shot that we'd all love to get.

so those are six examples of photos

using the three cameras there. what pros

can do if you put it in their hands with

their incredible talent. it's amazing

stuff. well now what we want to do. yep.

now we want to give you a sneak peak of

a new feature coming in the camera that

will be available with the software

update this fall. but it's so cool. we

have to tell you about it. it's using the

knurl engine of the a13 Bionic to create

a whole brand-new kind of image

processing system. we call it deep fusion.

and this is so cool so that to tell you

what it's doing when you do that. while

we look at an image so this is a photo

that was shot on an iPhone 11 pro using

this deep fusion technology. and this

kind of an image would not have been

possible for we use machine learning to

take this photo and low to medium light.

and it's unlike anything possible with

the iPhone camera before. so what what is

it doing how. do we get an image like

this. all right. you ready for this. what

it does. it shoots nine images before you

press the shutter button. it's already

shot for short images for secondary

images. when you press the shutter button

it takes one long exposure and then in

just one second the knurl engine

analyzes the fuse combination of long

and short images picking the best among

them selecting all the pixels and pixel

by pixel going through 24 million pixels

to optimize for detail and low noise.

like you see on the sweater there it is

amazing. this is the first time a neural

engine is responsible for generating the

output image. it is computational

photography mad science this way.

all right. now let's talk about video.

iPhone 11 Pro is a powerful new video

camera system. all three cameras shoot 4k

60 frame a second extended dynamic range

video with beautiful highlights and

shadow details. so of course we gave

iPhone 11 Pro to a professional

cinematographer and director and asked

them to take it to a back lot in LA

shoot something and show us all what's

possible with this brand new camera

system. and that's what we want to show

you now.

that incredible. that was not always shot

but also edited entirely an iPhone 11

pro by director of photography Guillermo

Garza and director at Diego Contreras.

thank you guys. that is just stunning

video. and the team works hard to make

sure that you can get consistent image

capture across all three video cameras.

we actually paired the three cameras

right at the factory calibrating them

for color and exposure. and then all the

time while you're using them we actually

do some smart things. like we in real

time take data from the camera you're

shooting with and prime the other

cameras automatically for auto focus

auto exposure color temperature even

tone mapping. so you can get a smooth

transition across all three cameras

while we minimize any shifts in color or

exposure. and for pros who want to edit

this video quickly on device now with

iOS 13 we have new advanced video

editing features built into the Photos

app. so you can do things like edit a

video for exposure color temperature

even cropping and scaling right in the

palm of your hands. so this is the new

camera system in iPhone 11 Pro. we think

pros are gonna love it. we're all gonna

love it. it is incredible new wide ultra

wide telephoto cameras a highest quality

video ever four times optical zoom new

smarter HDR new night mode on and on. it

is an incredibly. we even have reach

designed the camera out there's a new

font in it called SF camera. it is so pro

you're gonna love using it now on top of

all of this iPhone 11 Pro. it's really

the only pro camera with a native app

ecosystem. there's App Store has over 50

over 30 thousand photo and video app. so

you can do just about anything can

imagine right on device. so a great

example of this is filmic. they make a

great app called filmic Pro that makes

it possible for award-winning directors

to push the boundaries of what's

possible with cinematic filmmaking on

iphone. so we're really honored to invite

up their CTO Christopher Cohen and

along with them director of acclaimed

films. the Florida Project and tangerine

the first theatrical trailer shot

entirely on iPhone Shaun Baker. welcome

guys. I shot tangerine on iphone using

filmic Pro and I've been working closely

with Chris and the filmic team ever

since. now every shot has the right lens.

as a filmmaker it's my job to figure out

which lens that is unset. I use a tool

called the directors viewfinder. it helps

me find a frame and choose focal length.

filmmakers have been doing it like this

for nearly 75 years but what if you

could use. what we're all going to have

in our pockets. we're delighted to

preview the next version of filmic Pro.

it's gonna move filmmaking forward. let's

take a look at the next generation of

lens selection. we've divided the

viewfinder into individual feeds

visualizing every field of view

available on the new iPhone. with the new

a13 and the higher sustained

performance of the new iPhone you can

shoot with our most complex capture

pipeline up to five times longer than

before. but now you can shoot with

multiple cameras at the same time giving

filmmakers even more options. and I love

that because it's totally transformative.

with two cameras rolling in filmic Pro I

get twice as much coverage on the same

take reducing my number of takes and

giving me more options in post. to

facilitate that we employ a compound

overlay representing the primary and

secondary cameras while both are being

recorded simultaneously. I can focus in

on my akin to compose or back up to see

my widest field of view.

I'm always excited when I see evolution

in filmmaking style and craft. and this

multicam feature will give me new

creative options for covering scenes

such as how I would approach. the

traditional shot reverse shots right

Sean. we can even couple this incredible

ultra wide camera with the front-facing

camera. this enables me to capture the

organic and intimate interaction between

two individuals in one unbroken take

with a single unobtrusive device. so I

can literally take the audience and slap

them right in the middle of a

conversation. it's not only incredible

for narrative storytelling it will be

wonderful for documentaries and

journalism as well the ability to record

multiple videos. this amazing sustained

performance and this incredible ultra

wide lens it's all in one device. it's

going to change this industry. the

all-new filmic pro will be available

later this year only in the App Store.

thank you.

Thank You Christopher and Shawn. so this

is iPhone 11 Pro. in addition to the

triple camera system a 13Bionic longer

battery life faster charging new designs

there's also faster cellular better

water resistance stronger glass and so

much more. we think this is the most

exciting iPhone we've made yet. we've

made a video to tell you just a little

bit more about it.

so iPhone 11pro and iPhone 11 are made

to be designed free from these harmful

materials and of course to reduce their

impact on the environment. and this is so

important to us. so I bring it up every

time. we want to keep pushing the

boundaries of this iPhone 11. iPhone it

up in pro our most advanced phones.

I think everyone's gonna want to show

them off and some people like to protect

them with cases. so we have a new line of

cases for them as well including clear

cases for all three models. so you can

show off your beautiful new finishes. so

iPhone 11 Pro will start at $9.99 an

iPhone 11 pro max it's just $100 more at

1099.

you can pre-order all of them starting

this Friday at a new time 5:00 am

Pacific Daylight Time. so if you can get

a few more hours of sleep and then get

in line a pre-order. they'll all start

shipping on September 20th. so this is

our lineup of three new iPhones starting

at six ninety nine ninety nine and ten

ninety nine. in addition to that we're

going to keep iPhone 10r in the line

starting at just $5.99 and iPhone8

at four forty nine. so there's a lot of

great options for people at all

different price points. so that is our

news today on iPhone 11 and iPhone 11

Pro. back to you Tim. with breakthrough

technologies and advanced capabilities

the all new iPhone 11 pro and iPhone 11

Pro max are just beyond incredible.